add optional params (#1131)
demisto/content-docs: docs/integrations/mirroring.md

- **isremotesyncin** determines if mirroring from the 3rd party integration to XSOAR is supported.
- **isremotesyncout** determines if mirroring from XSOAR to the 3rd party integration is supported.

> ## Optional Prameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Optional Parameters
```

> A Mirroring Integration's YAML file may have the following parameters (under the configuration section) if can be used in the integration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A mirroring integration may have the following optional parameters:
```

- **incidents_fetch_query** determines the query to fetch incident with.
- **comment_tag, work_notes_tag, file_tag** available tags for marking incident entries.
- **mirror_direction** determines which mirroring directions are available (options are None, Incoming, Outgoing and 'Incoming and Outgoing').
- **close_incident** checkbox determines if mirrored XSOAR incidents will be closed when the corresponding incident is closed.

> -  **close_out** checkbox determines if mirrored incidents will be closed when the corresponding XSOAR incident is closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **close_out** checkbox determines if mirrored incidents will be closed when the corresponding XSOAR incident is closed.
```
